Update community-plugins.mdx (#269)
expressive-code/expressive-code: docs/src/content/docs/plugins/community-plugins.mdx

			title: 'expressive-code-color-chips',
			description: 'Add color previews to your CSS code examples.',
		},
		{
			href: 'https://github.com/MatthiesenXYZ/EC-Plugins/tree/main/packages/twoslash/',
			title: 'expressive-code-twoslash',

> 			description: 'Add TwoSlash support to your typescript codeblocks',

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			description: 'Add Twoslash support to your TypeScript code blocks.',
```
This is the capitalization I've seen on the TypeScript and Shiki homepages.
